again I did not write this book at all
the penalty for speeding in a work zone
is $250 if a sign is posted at the
beginning of the work zone listing the
penalty a highway work zones can easily
be identified by unique orange warning
side immediately preceding the work zone
I'll show you them in a minute
the orange signs with messages in black
to identify work zones remember black on
orange signs identifies work zones so on
your test they might show you a shape
and it's just a blank orange thing the
answer will obviously be it's like a
work zone obviously the flag guy does
stop and slow when driving through a
work zone stay alert obey the signs
maintain a study speed do not slow your
speed abruptly night driving the law
requires use of headlights from sunset
to sunrise and when visibility is 400
feet or less so if it's like foggy so
rain you must use your headlights and
windshield wipers for hydroplaning if
you begin to hydroplane take your foot
off the gas pedal resist your instinct
to use the brake keep your steering
wheel straight and let the cars go madam
decrease until the tires grip the road
again and you get regain control
never use cruise control when it's
raining or after it has been raining fog
turn on the low beams reduce your
driving speed and be alert for
tailgaters
when you are starting or stopping on
snowy or icy roads allow these three
times the normal stop distance to slow
down and I'm just skipping over these
basic parts like crashes sound the horn
keep to the right like common sense okay
three things you must do if involved in
a crash crash provide your name address
driver's license number
vehicle registration number in the name
of your vehicle insurance company be
sure to get the same information from
the other person
if you do not know them the occupants of
the other vehicle or the owner of
damaged property write down all the info
you can gather and give it to the
nearest law enforcement officer ok
traffic signals so that's how yield to a
pedestrian will result in a penalty of
not more than five hundred dollars and
not less than 100 so make sure to yield
some flashing signals the flashing red
signal has the same meaning as a stop
sign stop and do not proceed to move
until you can enter the intersection
without interfering with appropriate
traffic the flashing yellow signal has
the same meaning as a warning sign slow
down and proceed with caution here solid
red arrow stop no turns are allowed
solid yellow arrow prepare to stop
flashing yellow arrow less turns are
allowed but first they must yield to
oncoming traffic and pedestrians solid
green arrow left her is allowed and they
do not need to yield to oncoming traffic
and pedestrians proceed with caution
these are traffic signs regulatory signs
I'll just show them to you because you
on the test they may show you like
obviously this without the word stop and
you'll have to identify two stop sign
yield sign etc okay diamond-shaped signs
are also caution or warning signs so
here no passing zone there's going to be
a stop sign ahead and all of these
railroad sign a circular sign with black
cross and the black letters are are
obviously it's a railroad sign
the five sided or Pentagon signs warns
of a school zone or school crossing odd
numbered highways generally run north
and south even numbered highways
generally run east and west route
markers for US highways are are in the
shape of a shield NC route markers are
diamond-shaped and C's secondary road
signs are rectangular in shape
interstate highways are marked by red
white and blue shield signs indicating a
nearby hospital
Highway Patrol station or telephone or
blue and light guide signs also
rectangular may be green brown or blue
and they provide directions and distance
here are regulatory signs here are
warning signs
sharing the road bicyclist usually ride
on the right side of the lane but are
entitled to use the fooling like drivers
bicyclists must ride on the right side
of the road stop for stop signs and red
lights and give hand signals bicyclist
to go with the flow of traffic not
against ride right with the traffic not
facing traffic advice to look Cole be
equipped with a light on a front visible
for a distance of at least 300 feet in a
red light or reflector on the rear
visible for distance of at least 200
feet we are almost done here pedestrians
should always walk on the left side of
the road facing traffic at night use a
flashlight and obviously wear white
if you cannot okay this is for no zones
for our truck if you cannot see the
truck driver in his sideview mirror he
cannot see you okay so this blue is a
truck all the red things it is no zone
where the truck cannot see you and this
is the last bit of the stuff I feel is
important keeping the road litter free
littering is illegal if it's thrown if
something is thrown or blown from a
vehicle the driver of the vehicle is
held responsible its convicted the
minimum fine is 250 bucks if the max
line is $1000 its second or subsequent
offense within the next three years
after the date of the prior offense is
punishable by a fine not less than 500
nor more than 2,000 if convicted thanks
for watching I hope I helped you guys
out and this book is from January 2012
and again I did not write it you can
pick it up at your local DMV for free